the president by the way reached a major
milestone yesterday and I don't feel
like this has gotten enough tension
according to the Washington Post which
has been keeping track I guess yesterday
Trump told his 2,000th lies in staking
office to happy lie to K everybody he's
averaging 5.6 false claims a day which
is impressive considering the fact he's
only working about 2.6 hours a day he
didn't and all the while that he's lying
he is continually imploring us to just
believe him we are just getting started
believe me believe me believe me believe
me believe me believe me believe me
me you think Abe Lincoln ever said
believe me believe me he did not the
volume of his orange mouth is really
it's staggering it's so brazen I almost
can't help but admire it I watch it I
just go what 2,000 lies is an
unprecedented achievement so tonight
we're gonna look back at his many
prevarications with a new many
documentary that shows us how he got to
this remarkable moment in
misrepresentation I would say without a
doubt it was the greatest achievement in
the history of line to be honest I
inherited a mess to miss he is quite
simply the Babe Ruth of covers very few
people Donald Trump makes tricky dick
look like Honest Abe I never met Putin I
don't know who puddin is he said one
nice thing about me
he said I'm a genius he is the greatest
liar of all time
c-span presents pants of fire the road
to 2000 wise solemnly swear January 20th
2017 Donald Trump puts his hand on the
Bible and begins a historic journey to
2000 lies I'd looked down and he said
we're not gonna let it rain on your
speech and Trump comes roaring out of
the gate he lies about the rain
the crowds his Time magazine covers his
victory margin I guess it was the
biggest electoral college win since
Ronald Reagan this is we won
I said he cannot sustain at this pace
but Trump was just getting started by
March he had amassed four times as many
lies as any president had in two terms
sweet sweet sweet that was a classic
only Trump could have lied that lie you
know the Cuban Americans had 84 percent
of that vote so many great lies I mean
Obama's wiretap you saw what happened
with surveillance but you stand by that
claim about him by anything I just you
can take it the way you want you even
lied about lying I think one of the
greatest of all terms I've come up with
is fake I guess other people abused it
perhaps over the years but I've never
noticed it then there was Twitter
GameChanger couldn't prove to be a
critical platform as Trump continued
past 750 lies finally hitting 1,000 lies
in August of his first year we've signed
more bills and I'm talking about through
the legislature than any president ever
for a while Harry Truman had us his
PolitiFact numbers were off the charts
at that point I think he knew it was in
the bag but he didn't let up if anything
he doubled down he said he interviewed
me for three hours in the White House it
didn't exist okay it's and his imagine
after a long arduous road Trump achieved
the impossible his 2,000th Lyon office
in one year and we can build it for much
less money than what they're talking
about Michael Phelps in o8 Roger
Bannister running the four-minute mile a
young Tiger Woods it's unfathomable
he's got three more years or maybe even
seven or maybe six months who the hell
knows president Trump's miraculous
milestone in mendacity seems destined to
stand the test of time Bing Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing but even if it should
fall to some future president his place
in the fake history books is forever
secure thanks to his total lack of shame
unlimited capacity for and his pants Oh
dream is dead
[Music]
grateful nation thanks for watching if
you like that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings